README.md, before:

# COVID-19 - Italian Data Visualization Dashboard

This simple frontend Data Visualization dashboard shows the trends of the data found on different channel (linked in the reference section).

Watch the dashboard at the following link - https://gello94.github.io/covid-19-Italy-status-and-update/

The data are updated every day between 17:00 and 18:00 hour.

There are two section under construction:

## National Trends
The National trends shows the trend line of the following data:

- Hospitalized with sympthoms
- High Dependency Unit Patients
- Total Hospitalized
- Total Actually Positive
- Home Isoled
- New Positive
- Recovered
- Death
- Total Cases
- Tests

## Regional Trends
The Regional trends shows the trend line for each region that can be choose of the following data:

- Hospitalized with sympthoms
- High Dependency Unit Patients
- Total Hospitalized
- Total Actually Positive
- Home Isoled
- New Positive
- Recovered
- Death
- Total Cases
- Tests

## References

All data are taken from "Presidenza del Consiglio dei Ministri - Dipartimento della Protezione Civile", Official Government Department.

Dataset Repository by Umberto Rosini:
https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19/tree/master/dati-json

Commit message:

added european cases of positive for covid-19 chart, readme update

README.md, after:

# COVID-19 - Italian Data Visualization Dashboard

This simple frontend Data Visualization dashboard shows the trends of the data found on different channel (linked in the reference section).

Watch the dashboard at the following link - https://gello94.github.io/covid-19-Italy-status-and-update/

The data are updated every day between 17:00 and 18:00 hour.


## National Trends
The National trends shows the trend line of the following data:

- Hospitalized with sympthoms
- High Dependency Unit Patients
- Total Hospitalized
- Total Actually Positive
- Home Isoled
- New Positive
- Recovered
- Death
- Total Cases
- Tests

## Regional Trends
The Regional trends shows the trend line for each region that can be choose of the following data:

- Hospitalized with sympthoms
- High Dependency Unit Patients
- Total Hospitalized
- Total Actually Positive
- Home Isoled
- New Positive
- Recovered
- Death
- Total Cases
- Tests

## Positive Cases in Europe
The European Cases section shows a line bar with all the Countries with the relative number of total positive cases of Covid-19.

The data for the European cases are taken from the repository of Jesus M. Castagnetto - link of the GitHub Repository as follow: 
https://github.com/jmcastagnetto/covid-19-data-cleanup


## References

All data are taken from "Presidenza del Consiglio dei Ministri - Dipartimento della Protezione Civile", Official Government Department.

Dataset Repository by Umberto Rosini:
https://github.com/pcm-dpc/COVID-19/tree/master/dati-json
